The Disclosure (or Exposure) Diary
michaeldj1950
Oct 24
31 min read

Updated: 19 hours ago

October 24 2025


Observed events since the 1940s that involved  "foo fighters" trailing both allied and axis pilots during world war 2 presented a new mystery to solve.  A single observation by a civilian pilot in the state of Washington during the summer of 1947 would assure that significant attention would be directed towards this mystery over subsequent decades.


Prospects for the exposure of the actual realities and features behind UFOs seemed to dramatically rise following the New York Times publishing on December 16 2017 a report on a secret Defense Department program that examined reports by military personnel of UFO sightings.  Three videos taken by Navy pilots were also published, causing widespread coverage.


(We will generally use "UFO" as the referencing term despite "UAP", for Unidentified Aerial or Anomalous Phenomena, being adopted by the press, government officials, members of Congress, and others.)


A lot has happened since that ground-breaking day and this diary will be an attempt to revisit key moments and revelations.  There is also the opportunity to examine the varied impact and perspectives manifesting in individuals, thanks to the very active setting of "ufotwitter".  While ufotwitter (or "ufox") has been a useful news resource, and often an illuminating debate forum, there are also disturbing negative developments in that setting needing careful addressing.


Entries to this diary will revisit what has happened on different fronts since the December 2017 New York Times article.

When doing that the entry section will be labeled HISTORY.  Otherwise entry sections will be labeled as CURRENT.


CURRENT

Academics and astronomers from northern Europe have been examining for a few years photographic plates taken for a sky survey by the Palomar Observatory in the 1950s before the 1957 launch of Sputnik.  Now there are two peer reviewed papers on this study published by esteemed journals.

Link to Stockholm University news release:

https://www.su.se/english/news/unexpected-patterns-in-historical-astronomical-observations-1.855042
